- JESSE: Marshall knows something about Dylan.
Is he here? Is he alright?
HRA's first.
They'll help save everyone, including Dylan.
Once I find him.
Can you keep him save?
Like you do with me?
♪  ♪
Okay, we need to find a way
to Black Rock Processing.
That's where Marshall said
we'd find a Prism.
(DISTANT GUNFIRE)
- ARISH: Hey, Faden! Up here!
I'm glad to see you're still you.
Hey, thanks for bringing down that...
...whatever the fuck that was.
But we're barely holding on here, boss.
How's the situation outside Maintenance?
- JESSE: What do I tell him?
The truth is harsh, but...
these people seem familiar with death.
The Hiss are everywhere.
Most of the bureau is lost.
We need Black Rock Prisms to make more HRAs
for any survivors in the safe rooms.
I'm here to check Darling's Black Rock lab.
- ARISH: To recap: death, disaster,
and imminent destruction.
Another day at the FBC.
Darling's lab is just past
Black Rock Processing.
I've got good news
and got bad news on that front.
Good news is
it's right down the hall.
Bad news is a Hiss monster
has decided to move in, so that's great.
- JESSE: Monster?
- ARISH: That's what the rangers said.
The ones that survived, anyway.
We're just treading water here,
and the Hiss... keep coming.
Salvador would know what to do but apparently he took the security team
to the Containment Sector just before the lockdown happened and...
No one's seen him since..
But hey... at least we've got you!
Our fearless leader.
- JESSE: They shouldn't rely on me.
They don't know me.
They don't know how I failed people.
You've done a good job here, Arish, but...
You should take your people
and get to the base in Executive.
You can regroup there.
I'll go deal with this monster.
I'm getting kinda used to them.
- ARISH: Aye aye, Faden.
Be sure to put a bullet in that thing for me.
- JESSE: Arish wasn't kidding
about that monster.
You showed me the HRA
when I first got here.
And the machine
that makes them.
Can you help me find the Prism?
Shit! They're shattered.
What the fuck?
- DARLING: There are areas in the Oldest House...
...where under the right conditions,
when the frequencies match...
...other dimensions leak in.
We call these areas "Thresholds."
The Quarry is one of the more stable Thresholds
in the Maintenance Sector. That's...
That's where Black Rock comes from.
- JESSE: You heard that too, right?
Extra-dimensional matter.
Black Rock comes from a Threshold, the Quarry.
It has a unique property
of blocking out a lot of frequencies...
A good thing! It keeps thing stable, contained.
So the prism must be there too.
Think of it as...
...paranatural lead.
Our research involves many dangerous things
we absolutely need to keep in check.
That's what the Black Rock
lined Firebreaks are about.
The Panopticon container cells...
- EMILY: Sorry to interrupt, sir, but...
I need the code
for the Quarry elevator.
- DARLING: Oh, uh... Emily.
The code is "blackrock665"
Neighbour of the beast.
Get it?
We can do that... a-again.
♪ (OUTRO MUSIC) ♪
- JESSE: Darling's key.
This should get us into the Quarry.
Everything here is crazy.
Weird but it feels...
...right.
Like how the world should be.
I am in an infinite building leading
to different dimensions and I never wanna leave.
Even with all the horror I'm...
...happy.
It feels sane.
Or...
...just the right kind of insane.
Elevator's broken.
Gotta get down the old-fashioned way.
Woah...
Not what I expected.
And there it is.
Right where you led me.
HRAs, the Prisms...
They mean something to you.
I need to get this Prism to Marshall
before it's too late.
HRAs...
...then Dylan.